
Name Ideas:

    Real-Time FX
    
Shaders to do:
    - Old movie like the Silverlight demo. Call the current one "static" or some shit
    - Threshold for edge detection?
    - Sketch shader. Can get away with inverted edge detection on a paper texture?
    - Blur? Why not?
    - Pop art. Make it work.

Shader variables

Uniforms:
u_mvpMatrix - hardcode ?
u_sampler0
u_sampler1
u_sampler2
u_sampler3

Attributes:
a_position
a_texCoords

Work items
Polish:
    DONE - Gradient buttons for action menu
    DONE - Better view to view transitions.
        DONE - Fade into image preview view - slide out
        DONE - Effect Selector transition is ok
    DONE - Better buttons for toolbar in main view
    DONE - Need a custom slider with no color differentiation between regions
Functionality:
    DONE - Save photos to camera roll
    DONE - For photos, render to texture instead of doing glReadPixels
    DONE - TableView doesn't work if multiple of # of effects is not 3. One solution - have a multiple of 3
    PUNT - Save photos in landscape if camera is held sideways?
    Front-facing camera support for iPhone 4.
    PUNT - Don't compile same shader multiple times. Use a cache.
    DONE - Keep rendering/capturing at times when shouldn't. Check - showing camera preview, selector view, teaser view
    DONE - Don't start rendering after coming back from an ad unless we we were rendering when the add started
        DONE - Same deal with this applicationDidBecomeActive guy
    DONE - Actual thumbnails once decided on final free/paid shader lists.
        What image to use?
    DONE - Finalize free/paid shader list
    DONE - Change selector outline to be white - more consistent
    Thank CGTextures
        
StoreKit:
    
    DONE? - Handle Free vs. Paid
       
    
Effects:
    Done:
        Invert
        Grayscale
        Sepia
        Thermal
        Old Film - investigate more film grain styles
    In Progress:
        Edge Detection - improve quality, speed up.
        Posterize - find a good color palette
        Bloom - need to make it faster (perhaps some way to do this using LUTs        
    Wish List:
        Various distortion filters
        Pointillize/Mosaic/Glass effects
        Colored pencil
        Difference of Gaussians? Can this look like the example in Real Time Rendering?
        
Misc. Features
    - DONE - Need graphics for forward/next, capture buttons.
    - DONE - Rearrange top bar per Sarah's suggestion. (i), back, title, forward, select
    - DONE - Implement a more attractive effect selection view. Current thoughts: 2 columns wide showing thumbnails.
    - DONE - Ability to take a picture
    - DONE - UI for picture taking. Thoughts: Take to a modal view with save/discard/email options
    - DONE - Revenue model. If free/paid, figure out advertising for free. What to differentiate versions? In app purchase also promising.
        
Camera UI
    - DONE - Pop out to a modal view controller. Back and save buttons. Email, camera roll, wallpaper.
    

Video Options:
    - Record sans effects. Playback with ability to change effect dynamically. Export to camera roll with particular effect.        
    - Record sans effects. Save as part of app. Can open old recorded videos and play them back with effects.
    
Capture Options:
    - Capture at screen size. Can be used for wallpaper.
        Pros: Very fast. Very easy to implement - just requires a glReadPixels call.
        Cons: Max resolution is device screen size (480x320 for 3GS, 960x640 for iP4)
    - Capture at full photo resolution.
        Pros: Photos are full resolution.
        Cons: Difficult to implement. Might require a CPU version of effects. Some are impossible (motion blur) and
              others are difficult (anything with a displacement texture)
    
    
Video Spec:
    - Introduce a tab bar at bottom of screen
 